# college-projects
A directory for projects developed in programming classes taught by Universidade de São Paulo for the Bachelor in Computer Engineering program.
Divided in **first-year** assignments.

## first-year
Simple projects used for learning programming basics and algorythms. <br>

* RaceResults.c <br>
Developed in order to increase understanding of conditions and loops, this program determines the first and second place of a race from multiple triples of integers signifying the competitor, the attempt number and the time to conclude path in milliseconds.

* PolynomialCalculator.c <br>
Developed in order to increase understanding of double and double complex type variables, this program uses Newton's Method to find the distinct roots -real or not- of a given polynomial.
It takes a sequence of pairs of numbers, each specifying the degree (a non-negative integer) and the coefficient of a monomial (a double), as input and outputs a sequence of valid roots.  

* comprime.c <br>
Developed in order to increase understanding of matrices and image files in C, this program is an image compressor, which reads a grayscale image and prints a sequence of nunbers representing it in compacted form. The compression changes the image in almost imperceptible manners only.

* descomprime.c <br>
Developed in order to increase understanding of matrices and image files in C, this program is an image decompressor, which reads the sequence of numbers generated by comprime.c and outputs a PNG image.
